The latest territory which [[The Haldriatic Empire|The Empire]] deigns to sink its teeth into. Unlike any land or country that may have come before, The New World appears greatly resistant to The Empire's advances, soundly putting the first band of explorers in their place. And when considering the tremendous cost in time and resources it takes to make the journey here, it was not a measly loss.

But The Empire remained ever eager to make this place theirs, and would not take this defeat laying down. They sent another wave of conquisitus to the New World, though with slightly differing instructions from the last. Where the first wave was quick to spread, then quick to fall, this group was sent to make and secure a firm fixture, one that could be entirely self sufficient and endure the long silences of motherland, as word took so very long to travel. And with time, should this fixture succeed and stockpile a surplus of goods, they might one day be able to invite a _less modest_ representation of The Empire's power to this foreign soil.

The New World is not like the motherland, which was comparatively packed with many cultures and nations, all which ultimately fell to The Empire. This land has very little in the way of civilization, with only the occasional demi-human tribe here and there. For all intents and purposes, The New World is untamed, not yet shaped by the hands of powerful people. This should've made it easy pickings, a relatively uncontested bountiful land for the taking, yet The Empire's first voyage was a catastrophic failure, and to this day the reason(s) for this blunder are not fully understood. Perhaps the answer is simple; The Empire has a wealth of experience in taking land of other people, but little experience in wresting it from nature herself. Or perhaps these shores yet hide their fangs, and are content to let these imperial interlopers fatten themselves up before striking. Who's to say?