_Commonly referred to as "The Empire" by most._

The Haldriatic Empire, referring to their god by his mortal name, Haldrian, is a human-centric rule maintained by the head of their faith, the military general, and an appointed emperor. They are a very ambitious nation with eyes set seemingly on world conquest, and their gaze currently resting upon the shores of the [[The New World|New World]].

In the motherland, The Empire has no equal. Their dogged campaign lays claim to every corner, country and culture, fueled almost entirely on their trademark blackpowder, and the weapons that use it. The Empire, though comprised of quite the smorgasbord of races these days, is still chiefly in the hands of humans--all others being mere acquisitions in their ceaseless growth, now made to toil for The Empire's efforts.

It wasn't until their expansion took them across the great oceans that they suffered their first taste of humiliation, the first wave of _conquisitus_ failing utterly to assert themself in the manner which The Empire always had. But they are nothing if not persistent and adaptable, with their second wave of settlers taking a much slower and careful approach, though no less deliberate in its intention. Their failure was more than couple hundred years ago now, touted more as a cautionary tale than the embarrassment that it once was. The Empire's foothold in the New World is more firm than ever, even if it is still lacking in that particular mainland imperial glory. However, whispers hang on the wind, telling of the early signs of a paradigm shift that may aim to finally change that, and introduce some of that customary motherland aggrandizing. But only time will see to the potential truth in those mutterings.