They are 6’1" slate-blue skinned, female humanoid with features indicating the ability to live and breathe underwater. Her hair is a richer blue that is worn in two low tails that frame her face, which are tied with thin gut string and adorned with small charms with runes carved upon them. Striped gills on both cheeks hint at silvered skin on the inside, where the woman wears an imposing expression ornamented with a jeweled bindi at the crown of her forehead. She has tattoos coloring the upper lip that stripe down the bottom lip and split into several geometric lines upon her chin. These lines continue in glyph-like patterns across her throat where the rest of her is hidden behind a white cloak and rich violet skirts. The dark grey sclera of her eyes highlights the almost neon purple of her irises, that seem to give off a glow of their own beneath sharp downturned brows. Her hands were briefly visible, showcasing another set of tattoos of streaking lines down each finger, ending at the back of her hand before the wrist. She carries a stave of polished blackwood with a hanging cage dangling quietly from an ornamental ring. ^278674

When [[magic|casting spells]], a river of sharp violet matching the vivid hue of her eyes is seen carving a thin path down the center of these lines upon her hands before fading in an ombre fashion. When speaking, her words are few and far between, as she seems most comfortable observing those around her and providing cryptic words of warning whenever suitable, otherwise content to fade into the sidelines until her authority or expertise are called upon.

Is the last known contact [[Jimothy Richard Kinkannon|Jimothy]] had before he vanished. They supposedly had an arrangement to maintain some discretion between them, but when [[Lucius Thormund]] approached her, she saw that as a failure to meet that agreement. Despite being faintly upset by this, she was very cooperative, but she did feel the need to put her foot down on particular matters. Primarily, she did not seem keen on providing all the facts or direct assistance without a magically binding vow of transparency. This was something she did not do with Jimothy, and was adamant to learn from her mistake. Additionally, she also wanted to operate with unquestioned authority regarding this matter, which Lucius seemed more okay with than the magic vow, yet agreed to both all the same.

> [!quote] I, Lucius, hereby vow that to the Livyeris that I shall be forthcoming in all matters concerning the disappearance of Jimothy. That all Jimothy sought and intended will not be withheld, as well as any information he gathered of her and what information he may have gained in knowing her. I vow to respect the covenant set by the one before me in regards to the secretive location of this garden and similar matters of personal privacy unless otherwise agreed upon.
> -- Vow made by Lucius

For unknown reasons, Ash's character seems to overlook a [[The Garden|garden/small sanctuary]] not far from [[Milbrook]]. Whether this is a task she took on of her own accord, or was tasked to do this by another is not known--nor is the significance of this place either.

As an attempt to show peaceful intentions, Lucius gifted her an archaic firework, which he tried his best to oversell, but Ash's character was not very moved.